
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000001                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                      684964                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                     684964                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  12485                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    22678                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45938101                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               16963744                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                         186                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                           338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu3.data          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total              2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.data             3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.inst             4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.data             2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu2.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu2.data             4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu3.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu3.data             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                 33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.inst       467177837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.data       280306702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.inst       373742270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.data       186871135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu2.inst       467177837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu2.data       373742270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu3.inst       467177837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu3.data       467177837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           3083373725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst    467177837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst    373742270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst    467177837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst    467177837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total      1775275781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.inst      467177837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.data      280306702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.inst      373742270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.data      186871135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu2.inst      467177837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu2.data      373742270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu3.inst      467177837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu3.data      467177837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          3083373725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017860                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000052640                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState                 76                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                         38                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  2432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                   2432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                       669970                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                   38                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples            2                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean          128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.851252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    90.509668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-79            1     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total            2                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst          384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 467177837.083408772945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 373742269.666727006435                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 373742269.666727006435                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 467177837.083408772945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 560613404.500090599060                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 373742269.666727006435                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 467177837.083408772945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 467177837.083408772945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst            6                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst       134550                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data       131660                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst       125960                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data       178061                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst       190992                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data       130716                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst       175176                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data       194594                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     26910.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     32915.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     31490.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     35612.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     31832.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     32679.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     35035.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     38918.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      583029                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                1261709                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    142880                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    15342.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3760.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33202.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                     3550.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                  3550.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     17021.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                       20.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                   20.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      2.55                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      20                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                52.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     17630.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   52.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           42593.280000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        223298.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         6064.128000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   111536.640000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          383492.928000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           559.873114                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime              290648                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE        14518                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       379798                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN       290648                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             5211.360000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           45255.360000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        219429.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        49271.040000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   72913.920000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          392081.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           572.411864                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime              188903                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       122094                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       373967                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN       188903                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu2.data          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu3.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.data             2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.data             3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu2.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu2.data             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu3.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu3.data             3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                 33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.inst       467177837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.data       186871135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.inst       467177837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.data       280306702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu2.inst       467177837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu2.data       467177837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu3.inst       467177837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu3.data       280306702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           3083373725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst    467177837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst    467177837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst    467177837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst    467177837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total      1868711348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.inst      467177837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.data      186871135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.inst      467177837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.data      280306702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu2.inst      467177837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu2.data      467177837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu3.inst      467177837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu3.data      280306702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3083373725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017860                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000114032                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState                 67                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                         39                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   2496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                       665720                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                   39                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    74.666667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.837571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.127891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-79            5     83.33%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-143            1     16.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data          192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 467177837.083408772945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 373742269.666727006435                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 467177837.083408772945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 280306702.250045299530                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 467177837.083408772945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 467177837.083408772945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 467177837.083408772945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 373742269.666727006435                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst            6                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst       205474                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data       202049                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst       221676                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data        94086                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst       153480                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data       185610                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst       192302                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data       194162                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     41094.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     40409.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     36946.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     23521.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     30696.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     37122.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     38460.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     48540.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                      805879                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                1448839                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    135360                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    20663.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3470.77                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               37149.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                     3363.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                  3643.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     17021.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                       19.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                   19.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      3.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                35.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                     17069.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   35.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             2605.680000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           47917.440000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        227720.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         6064.128000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   108648.960000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          392956.848000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           573.689782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime              237262                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE        14280                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       387446                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN       283238                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            10422.720000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           45255.360000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        248171.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        18192.384000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   83742.720000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          405784.464000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           592.417213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime              218496                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE        16000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       450468                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN       218496                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                      7                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted                7                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect                4                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups                   4                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups              4                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses               4                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted            1                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       238                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                         14                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                         20                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            4                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                3808                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                         12                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON         684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                            2879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles              1579                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                            63                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                          7                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                           20                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                     10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                       12                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                    4                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples              1610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.073913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.734570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                    1590     98.76%     98.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                       4      0.25%     99.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                       0      0.00%     99.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                       1      0.06%     99.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                       2      0.12%     99.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                       0      0.00%     99.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                       0      0.00%     99.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                       0      0.00%     99.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                      13      0.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total                1610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.002431                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.021883                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                    1584                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                    1                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                   119                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                    1584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                   119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands                113                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups                  270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups             172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps                   74                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                      18                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads                  15                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores                 21                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores               1                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                       115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  4                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                      110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined             18                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           26                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         1610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.068323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.561054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               1578     98.01%     98.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  6      0.37%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  9      0.56%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  3      0.19%     99.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  3      0.19%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  5      0.31%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  4      0.25%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  2      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           1610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                1      0.91%      0.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   75     68.18%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  14     12.73%     81.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 20     18.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                   110                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.038208                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                         0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              1830                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes              137                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                   109                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            2                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   15                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  21                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 2                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            4                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                   4                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts                  110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   14                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                          34                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                       7                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                        20                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.038208                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                           103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                          102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                       57                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                       78                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.035429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.730769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts             18                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts                4                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples         1604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.051122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.491860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         1580     98.50%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            4      0.25%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            6      0.37%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            6      0.37%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            3      0.19%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            1      0.06%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            2      0.12%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            2      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total         1604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts                  45                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                    82                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                            23                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                            6                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                         6                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                       81                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                   2                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      1.22%      1.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              58     70.73%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              6      7.32%     79.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            17     20.73%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total               82                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                    2                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                        1702                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                        224                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                         45                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                           82                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             63.977778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       63.977778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.015630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.015630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                     160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                     74                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                       23                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                      22                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                     61                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            1.641423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                 16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           198492                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     1.641423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.003206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.003206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.009766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses             173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total              11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total             11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total            10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       190162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       190162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       301308                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       301308                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       491470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       491470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       491470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       491470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.476190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.476190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 31693.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31693.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        75327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        75327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        49147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        49147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        49147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        49147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       188258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       188258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       298452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       298452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       486710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       486710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       486710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       486710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 37651.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37651.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        74613                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74613                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54078.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54078.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54078.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54078.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse            3.624052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                9                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             1.111111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           105434                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst     3.624052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.007078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.017578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses              105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses             105                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst      1019592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1019592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst      1019592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1019592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst      1019592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1019592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 92690.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92690.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 92690.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92690.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 92690.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92690.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       905114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       905114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       905114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       905114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       905114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       905114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90511.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90511.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90511.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90511.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90511.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90511.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           5.328713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.total_refs                14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              14                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle          102340                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst     3.664705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     1.664008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.000895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.000406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.003418                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              90                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             90                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       294882                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       294882                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       894404                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       894404                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       185878                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total       185878                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       894404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       480760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1375164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       894404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       480760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1375164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 73720.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73720.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89440.400000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89440.400000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 37175.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37175.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89440.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 53417.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72377.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89440.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 53417.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72377.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       286314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       286314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       868700                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       868700                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       180166                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       180166                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       868700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       466480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1335180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       868700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       466480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1335180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 71578.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71578.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst        86870                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86870                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 36033.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36033.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst        86870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 51831.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70272.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst        86870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 51831.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70272.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           19                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side          576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                          0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           19                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                19    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            19                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4522                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         6426                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         3570                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      7                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                7                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                4                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   4                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              4                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               4                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            1                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                         14                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                         20                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            4                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                3808                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                         12                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON         684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                            2879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles              1419                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                            63                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                          7                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                           20                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                     10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                       12                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                    4                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples              1450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.082069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.773631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                    1430     98.62%     98.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       4      0.28%     98.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0      0.00%     98.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       1      0.07%     98.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       2      0.14%     99.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0      0.00%     99.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0      0.00%     99.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0      0.00%     99.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                      13      0.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                1450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.002431                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.021883                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                    1424                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                    1                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts                   119                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                    1424                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts                   119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands                113                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups                  270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups             172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps                   74                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                      18                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                  15                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                 21                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               1                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                       115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  4                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                      110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined             18                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           26                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         1450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.075862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.590735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               1418     97.79%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  6      0.41%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  9      0.62%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  3      0.21%     99.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  3      0.21%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  5      0.34%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  4      0.28%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  2      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           1450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                1      0.91%      0.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   75     68.18%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  14     12.73%     81.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 20     18.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                   110                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.038208                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                         0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              1670                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes              137                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                   109                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            2                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   15                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  21                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 2                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            4                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   4                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                  110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   14                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                          34                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       7                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                        20                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.038208                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                           103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                          102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                       57                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                       78                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.035429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.730769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts             18                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts                4                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples         1444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.056787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.518102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         1420     98.34%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            4      0.28%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            6      0.42%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            6      0.42%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            3      0.21%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            1      0.07%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            2      0.14%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            2      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total         1444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                  45                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                    82                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                            23                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            6                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         6                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                       81                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   2                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      1.22%      1.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              58     70.73%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              6      7.32%     79.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            17     20.73%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total               82                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    2                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                        1542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                        224                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                              4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           1429                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                         45                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                           82                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                             63.977778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                       63.977778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.015630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.015630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                     160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                     74                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                       23                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                      22                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                     61                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            1.463521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                 16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           215390                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     1.463521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.002858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.002858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.009766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses             173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total              11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total             11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total            10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       214200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       214200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       283220                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       283220                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       497420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       497420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       497420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       497420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.476190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.476190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        35700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        35700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        70805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        70805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        49742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        49742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        49742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        49742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       212296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       212296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       280364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       280364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       492660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       492660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       492660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       492660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 42459.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42459.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        70091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        70091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        54740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        54740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse            3.247750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                 10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                9                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs             1.111111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           100436                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     3.247750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.006343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.017578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses              105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses             105                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total            11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      1024590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1024590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      1024590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1024590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      1024590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1024590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 93144.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93144.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 93144.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93144.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 93144.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93144.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       915110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       915110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       915110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       915110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       915110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       915110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        91511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        91511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        91511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           4.774510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.total_refs                14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              14                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle           97342                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     3.288403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     1.486107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.000803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.000363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.003418                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              90                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             90                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       276794                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       276794                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       904400                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       904400                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       209916                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total       209916                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       904400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       486710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1391110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       904400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       486710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1391110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 69198.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69198.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        90440                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90440                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 41983.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41983.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        90440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 54078.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73216.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        90440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 54078.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73216.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       268226                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       268226                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       878696                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       878696                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       204204                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204204                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       878696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       472430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1351126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       878696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       472430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1351126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 67056.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67056.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87869.600000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87869.600000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 40840.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40840.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87869.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 52492.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71111.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87869.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 52492.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71111.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           19                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side          576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                          0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           19                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                19    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            19                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4522                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         6426                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         3570                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      9                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                9                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                4                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   5                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              5                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               5                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            1                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                         41                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                         24                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            4                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            4                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                3808                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                         13                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON         684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                            2879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles              1424                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                            78                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                          9                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                           24                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                     10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                       13                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                    4                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples              1459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.100754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.856745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                    1435     98.36%     98.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       4      0.27%     98.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0      0.00%     98.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       1      0.07%     98.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       3      0.21%     98.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0      0.00%     98.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0      0.00%     98.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0      0.00%     98.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                      16      1.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                1459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.003126                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.027093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                    1429                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                    1                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                       24                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts                   147                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                    1429                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                       24                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts                   147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands                139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups                  328                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups             208                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps                   79                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                      18                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                  20                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                 25                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               1                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                       143                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  4                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                      158                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined             18                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           26                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         1459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.108293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.699250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               1413     96.85%     96.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  9      0.62%     97.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 11      0.75%     98.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  4      0.27%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  9      0.62%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  5      0.34%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  5      0.34%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  3      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           1459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     3    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                3      1.90%      1.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   90     56.96%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  41     25.95%     84.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 24     15.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                   158                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.054880                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          3                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018987                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              1778                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes              165                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          128                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                   158                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            2                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           27                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                147                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   20                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  25                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 2                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            4                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   4                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                  158                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   41                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                          65                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       8                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                        24                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.054880                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                           129                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                          128                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                       71                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                       98                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.044460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.724490                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts             18                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts                4                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples         1453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.063317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.553087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         1427     98.21%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            4      0.28%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            6      0.41%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            7      0.48%     99.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            3      0.21%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            1      0.07%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            3      0.21%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            2      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total         1453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                  51                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                    92                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                            27                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            9                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         6                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                       91                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   2                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      1.09%      1.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              64     69.57%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              9      9.78%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            18     19.57%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total               92                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    2                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                        1561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                        262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                              6                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           1420                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                         51                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                           92                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                             56.450980                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                       56.450980                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.017714                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.017714                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                     237                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                     93                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                       29                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                      28                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                     98                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            1.928431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                 21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                8                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.625000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           188496                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data     1.928431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.003766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.003766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.015625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             224                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data           10                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            10                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total             13                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total            14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       477428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       477428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       302260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       302260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       779688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       779688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       779688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       779688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           14                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.769231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.769231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.518519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.518519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.518519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.518519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 47742.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47742.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        75565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        75565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        55692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        55692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        55692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        55692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          417                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    83.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       466718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       466718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       299404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       299404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       766122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       766122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       766122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       766122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 58339.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58339.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        74851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 63843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 63843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse            4.254699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                 11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs               10                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs             1.100000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            90440                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     4.254699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.008310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.019531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              114                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             114                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total            12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       997696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       997696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       997696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       997696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       997696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       997696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 83141.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83141.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 83141.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83141.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 83141.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83141.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       897260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       897260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       897260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       897260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       897260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       897260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81569.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81569.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81569.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81569.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81569.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81569.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           6.264437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.total_refs                18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              18                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle           87346                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     4.299869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data     1.964568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.001050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.000480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.004395                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            110                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::total           23                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       295834                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       295834                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       885360                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       885360                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       460530                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total       460530                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       885360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       756364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1641724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       885360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       756364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1641724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 73958.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73958.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 80487.272727                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80487.272727                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 57566.250000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57566.250000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 80487.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 63030.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71379.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 80487.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 63030.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71379.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       287266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       287266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       856800                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       856800                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       446250                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       446250                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       856800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       733516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1590316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       856800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       733516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1590316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 71816.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71816.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 77890.909091                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77890.909091                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 55781.250000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55781.250000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 77890.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 61126.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69144.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 77890.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 61126.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69144.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           23                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           15                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               41                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side          640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                          0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           23                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                23    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            23                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          5474                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         7140                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         5712                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      7                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                7                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                4                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   4                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              4                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               4                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            1                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                         14                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                         20                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            4                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                3808                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                         12                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON         684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                            2879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles              1745                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                            63                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                          7                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                           20                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                     10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                       12                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                    4                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples              1776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.067005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.699709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                    1756     98.87%     98.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       4      0.23%     99.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0      0.00%     99.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       1      0.06%     99.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       2      0.11%     99.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0      0.00%     99.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0      0.00%     99.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0      0.00%     99.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                      13      0.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                1776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.002431                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       0.021883                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                    1750                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                    1                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts                   119                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                    1750                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts                   119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands                113                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups                  270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups             172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps                   74                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                      18                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                  15                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                 21                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               1                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                       115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  4                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                      110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined             18                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           26                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         1776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.061937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.534546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               1744     98.20%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  6      0.34%     98.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  9      0.51%     99.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  3      0.17%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  3      0.17%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  5      0.28%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  4      0.23%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  2      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           1776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                1      0.91%      0.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   75     68.18%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  14     12.73%     81.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 20     18.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                   110                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          0.038208                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                         0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              1996                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes              137                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                   109                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            2                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   15                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  21                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 2                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            4                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   4                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                  110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   14                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                          34                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       7                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                        20                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    0.038208                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                           103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                          102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                       57                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                       78                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      0.035429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.730769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts             18                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts                4                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples         1770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.046328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.468451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         1746     98.64%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            4      0.23%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            6      0.34%     99.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            6      0.34%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            3      0.17%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            1      0.06%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            2      0.11%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            2      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total         1770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                  45                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                    82                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                            23                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            6                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         6                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                       81                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   2                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      1.22%      1.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              58     70.73%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              6      7.32%     79.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            17     20.73%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total               82                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    2                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                        1868                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                        224                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                              4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           1103                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                         45                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                           82                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                             63.977778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                       63.977778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.015630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.015630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                     160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                     74                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                       23                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                      22                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                     61                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            1.767204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                 16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           209440                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data     1.767204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.003452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.003452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.009766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total              11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total             11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total            10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       224196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       224196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       320110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       320110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       544306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       544306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       544306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       544306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.476190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.476190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        37366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        37366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 80027.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80027.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 54430.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54430.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 54430.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54430.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       222292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       222292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       317254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       317254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       539546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       539546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       539546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       539546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 44458.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44458.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 79313.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79313.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 59949.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59949.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 59949.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59949.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse            3.919048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                 10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                9                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs             1.111111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            95438                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     3.919048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.007654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.017578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             105                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total            11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      1006740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1006740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      1006740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1006740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      1006740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1006740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 91521.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91521.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 91521.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91521.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 91521.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91521.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       902258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       902258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       902258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       902258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       902258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       902258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 90225.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90225.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 90225.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90225.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 90225.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90225.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           5.749491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.total_refs                14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              14                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle           92344                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     3.959702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data     1.789789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.000437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.003418                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              90                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             90                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       313684                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       313684                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       891548                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       891548                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       219912                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total       219912                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       891548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       533596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1425144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       891548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       533596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1425144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        78421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        78421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 89154.800000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89154.800000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 43982.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43982.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 89154.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 59288.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75007.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 89154.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 59288.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75007.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       305116                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       305116                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       865844                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       865844                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       214200                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       214200                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       865844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       519316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1385160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       865844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       519316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1385160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        76279                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76279                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86584.400000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86584.400000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        42840                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        42840                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86584.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 57701.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72903.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86584.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 57701.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72903.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           19                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side          576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                          0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           19                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                19    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            19                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4522                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         6426                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         3570                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                    23.040396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                          61                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                        61                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                             1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        3.801194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data        1.739979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst        3.424533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data        1.561868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst        4.450811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data        2.100377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst        4.096100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data        1.865533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst       0.000034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst       0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data       0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.000176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.000465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                      1325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                     1325                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data              4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data              4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data              4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data              4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total              63                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst                10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu0.data                 9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst                10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu1.data                 9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst                11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu2.data                11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst                10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu3.data                 9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                     79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst               10                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu0.data                9                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst               10                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu1.data                9                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst               11                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu2.data               11                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst               10                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu3.data                9                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                    79                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       276318                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       258230                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       277270                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       295120                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1106938                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       837998                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       173502                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       848232                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       197540                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       823242                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       524790                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       835856                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       207536                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      4448696                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       837998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       449820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       848232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       455770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       823242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       802060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       835856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       502656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total          5555634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       837998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       449820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       848232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       455770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       823242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       802060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       835856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       502656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total         5555634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total                16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            63                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst              10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data               9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst              10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data               9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst              11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data              11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst              10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data               9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total                   79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst             10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data              9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst             10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data              9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst             11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data             11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst             10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data              9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total                  79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                   1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 69079.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 64557.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 69317.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        73780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69183.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83799.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 34700.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84823.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        39508                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 74840.181818                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        74970                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 83585.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 41507.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70614.222222                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83799.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        49980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84823.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 50641.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 74840.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 72914.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 83585.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 55850.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70324.481013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83799.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        49980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84823.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 50641.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 74840.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 72914.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 83585.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 55850.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70324.481013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             16                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total                79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total               79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       245852                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       227790                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       246948                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       264760                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       985350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       746650                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       153120                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       757130                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       177276                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       722232                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       463754                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       744570                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       187204                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3951936                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       746650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       398972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       757130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       405066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       722232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       710702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       744570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       451964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4937286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       746650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       398972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       757130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       405066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       722232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       710702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       744570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       451964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4937286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total              1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        61463                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 56947.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        61737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        66190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61584.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst        74665                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        30624                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        75713                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 35455.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 65657.454545                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 66250.571429                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst        74457                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 37440.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62729.142857                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst        74665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 44330.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        75713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 45007.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 65657.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 64609.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst        74457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 50218.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62497.291139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst        74665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 44330.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        75713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 45007.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 65657.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 64609.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst        74457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 50218.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62497.291139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.replacements                              0                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            77                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 49                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            62                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           67                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total          139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         2112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total         3968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                    3968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples                77                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                      77    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                  77                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy               55844                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               8.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy               56685                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               8.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy             320122                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             46.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           79                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       684964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp                48                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           63                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total                   139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side         1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total                   3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples               79                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                     79    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total                 79                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy              18802                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy              9996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy              9996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy             12852                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy              9996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
