
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000001                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                      658595                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                     658595                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  12102                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    21827                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               43281425                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               16963740                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                         184                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                           332                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu3.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total              1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.data             3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.inst             4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.data             2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu2.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu2.data             4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu3.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu3.data             3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                 30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.inst       388706261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.data       291529696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.inst       388706261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.data       194353131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu2.inst       485882826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu2.data       388706261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu3.inst       485882826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu3.data       291529696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           2915296958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst    388706261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst    388706261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst    485882826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst    485882826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total      1749178175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.inst      388706261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.data      291529696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.inst      388706261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.data      194353131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu2.inst      485882826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu2.data      388706261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu3.inst      485882826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu3.data      291529696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          2915296958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples         3.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017860                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000069961                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState                 67                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                         36                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  2176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                       642537                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                   36                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples            2                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean          128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.851252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    90.509668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-79            1     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-207            1     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total            2                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 485882826.319665372372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 388706261.055732250214                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 388706261.055732250214                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 194353130.527866125107                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 485882826.319665372372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 388706261.055732250214                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 485882826.319665372372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 485882826.319665372372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data            3                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst            6                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst       155812                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data       152535                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst       125960                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data        64714                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst       146847                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data       125536                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst       178368                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data       220680                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     31162.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     38133.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     31490.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     21571.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     24474.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     31384.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     35673.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     44136.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      563212                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                1170452                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    127840                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    15644.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3551.11                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32512.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                     3304.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                  3498.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     17021.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                       19.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                   19.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      2.55                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      17                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                47.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     17848.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   47.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           42593.280000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        208928.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         5685.120000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   111175.680000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          368382.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           559.345637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime              214280                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE        13237                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       355910                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN       289448                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             5211.360000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           45255.360000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        204506.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        48134.016000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   73635.840000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          376742.976000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           572.040444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime              190628                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       119350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       348617                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN       190628                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu2.data          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu3.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.data             2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.data             3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu2.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu2.data             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu3.inst             5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu3.data             3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                 33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.inst       485882826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.data       194353131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.inst       485882826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.data       291529696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu2.inst       485882826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu2.data       485882826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu3.inst       485882826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu3.data       291529696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           3206826654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst    485882826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst    485882826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst    485882826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst    485882826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total      1943531305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.inst      485882826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.data      194353131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.inst      485882826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.data      291529696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu2.inst      485882826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu2.data      485882826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu3.inst      485882826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu3.data      291529696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3206826654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples         3.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017860                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000113338                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState                 65                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                         37                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   2368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                       619980                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                   37                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    74.666667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.837571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.127891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-79            5     83.33%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-143            1     16.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data          192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 485882826.319665372372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 388706261.055732250214                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 485882826.319665372372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 291529695.791799187660                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 485882826.319665372372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 485882826.319665372372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 485882826.319665372372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 388706261.055732250214                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data            3                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst       206808                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data       220207                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst       233221                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data        99701                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst       154516                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data       174885                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst       194246                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data       194575                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     41361.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     44041.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     46644.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     33233.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     30903.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     34977.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     38849.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     48643.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                      835199                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                1478159                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    135360                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    22572.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3658.38                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               39950.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                     3498.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                  3595.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     17021.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                       20.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                   20.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      3.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                37.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                     16756.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   37.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             2605.680000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           47917.440000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        230484.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         5306.112000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   97459.200000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          383772.672000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           582.714220                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime              214292                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE        13020                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       390988                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN       254587                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            10422.720000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           42593.280000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        230484.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        17434.368000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   85908.480000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          386843.088000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           587.376290                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime              223856                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE        15000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       419739                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN       223856                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                      7                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted                7                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect                4                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups                   4                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups              4                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses               4                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted            1                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       217                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                         14                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                         20                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            4                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                3472                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                         12                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON         658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                            3036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles              1634                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                            63                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                          7                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                           20                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                     10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                       12                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                    4                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples              1665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.071471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.722449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                    1645     98.80%     98.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                       4      0.24%     99.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                       0      0.00%     99.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                       1      0.06%     99.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                       2      0.12%     99.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                       0      0.00%     99.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                       0      0.00%     99.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                       0      0.00%     99.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                      13      0.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total                1665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.002306                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.020751                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                    1639                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                    1                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                   119                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                    1639                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                   119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands                113                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups                  270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups             172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps                   74                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                      18                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads                  15                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores                 21                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores               1                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                       115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  4                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                      110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined             18                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           26                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         1665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.066066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.551840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               1633     98.08%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  6      0.36%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  9      0.54%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  3      0.18%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  3      0.18%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  5      0.30%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  4      0.24%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  2      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           1665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                1      0.91%      0.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   75     68.18%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  14     12.73%     81.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 20     18.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                   110                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.036232                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                         0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              1885                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes              137                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                   109                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            2                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   15                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  21                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 2                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            4                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                   4                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts                  110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   14                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                          34                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                       7                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                        20                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.036232                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                           103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                          102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                       57                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                       78                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.033597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.730769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts             18                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts                4                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples         1659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.049427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.483720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         1635     98.55%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            4      0.24%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            6      0.36%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            6      0.36%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            3      0.18%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            1      0.06%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            2      0.12%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            2      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total         1659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts                  45                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                    82                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                            23                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                            6                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                         6                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                       81                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                   2                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      1.22%      1.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              58     70.73%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              6      7.32%     79.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            17     20.73%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total               82                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                    2                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                        1757                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                        224                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1371                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                         45                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                           82                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             67.466667                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       67.466667                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.014822                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.014822                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                     160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                     74                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                       23                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                      22                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                     61                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            1.618127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                 16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           194215                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     1.618127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.003160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.003160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.009766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses             173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total              11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total             11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total            10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       176855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       176855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       288827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       288827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       465682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       465682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       465682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       465682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.476190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.476190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 29475.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29475.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 72206.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72206.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 46568.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46568.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 46568.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46568.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       175119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       175119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       286223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       286223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       461342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       461342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       461342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       461342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 35023.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35023.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 71555.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71555.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 51260.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51260.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 51260.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51260.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse            3.562117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                9                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             1.111111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           104160                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst     3.562117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.006957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.017578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses              105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses             105                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       979538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       979538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       979538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       979538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       979538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       979538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89048.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89048.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89048.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89048.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89048.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89048.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       867132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       867132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       867132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       867132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       867132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       867132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86713.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86713.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86713.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86713.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86713.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86713.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           5.240211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.total_refs                14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              14                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle          101339                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst     3.600667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     1.639544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.000879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.003418                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              90                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             90                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       282968                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       282968                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       857367                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       857367                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       172949                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total       172949                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       857367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       455917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1313284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       857367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       455917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1313284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        70742                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        70742                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85736.700000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85736.700000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 34589.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34589.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85736.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 50657.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69120.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85736.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 50657.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69120.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       275156                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       275156                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       833931                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       833931                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       167741                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       167741                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       833931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       442897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1276828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       833931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       442897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1276828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        68789                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68789                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83393.100000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83393.100000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 33548.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33548.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83393.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 49210.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67201.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83393.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 49210.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67201.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           19                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side          576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                          0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           19                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                19    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            19                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4123                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         5859                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         3255                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      6                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                6                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                4                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   3                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              3                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               3                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            1                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          7                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                         17                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            2                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            4                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                3472                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                         11                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON         658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                            3036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles              1444                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                            50                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                          6                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                           16                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                     10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                       11                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                    4                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples              1471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.063902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.679132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                    1455     98.91%     98.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       3      0.20%     99.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0      0.00%     99.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       1      0.07%     99.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       2      0.14%     99.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0      0.00%     99.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0      0.00%     99.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0      0.00%     99.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                      10      0.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                1471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.001976                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.016469                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                    1449                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                    1                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                       16                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts                    94                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                    1449                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                       16                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts                    94                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands                 88                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups                  212                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups             140                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps                   70                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                      18                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   8                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                 18                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               1                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                        90                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  4                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                       85                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined             18                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           26                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         1471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.057784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.478154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               1443     98.10%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  6      0.41%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  9      0.61%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  2      0.14%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  3      0.20%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  5      0.34%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  3      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           1471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                1      1.18%      1.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   60     70.59%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     71.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   7      8.24%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 17     20.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                    85                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.027997                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                         0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              1641                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes              112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           84                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                    84                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            2                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 94                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    8                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  18                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 2                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            4                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   4                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   85                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    7                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                          24                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       6                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                        17                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.027997                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                            85                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                           84                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                       45                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                       64                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.027668                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.703125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts             18                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts                4                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples         1465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.051877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.501403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         1443     98.50%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            4      0.27%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            5      0.34%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            6      0.41%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            2      0.14%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            1      0.07%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            2      0.14%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            2      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total         1465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                  43                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                    76                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                            22                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            6                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         5                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                       75                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   2                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      1.32%      1.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              53     69.74%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              6      7.89%     78.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            16     21.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total               76                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    2                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                        1557                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                        193                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                              4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           1565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                         43                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                           76                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                             70.604651                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                       70.604651                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.014163                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.014163                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                     128                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                     60                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                       16                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                      18                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                     42                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            1.413185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                 16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           211358                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     1.413185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.002760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.002760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.009766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses             141                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data            9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total              11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total             11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total             6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       197904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       197904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       262787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       262787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       460691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       460691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       460691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       460691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.352941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.352941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.352941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.352941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        98952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 65696.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65696.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76781.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76781.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76781.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76781.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       196168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       196168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       260183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       260183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       456351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       456351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       456351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       456351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        98084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 65045.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65045.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76058.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76058.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76058.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76058.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse            3.051737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  9                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                8                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs             1.125000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            99169                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     3.051737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.005960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.015625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses               96                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses              96                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total            10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       900333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       900333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       900333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       900333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       900333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       900333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.909091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.909091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.909091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.909091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.909091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.909091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90033.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90033.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90033.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90033.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90033.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90033.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       793786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       793786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       793786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       793786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       793786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       793786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88198.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88198.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88198.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88198.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88198.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88198.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           4.520606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.total_refs                13                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              13                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle           96348                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     3.086004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     1.434602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.000753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.000350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.003174                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              73                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             73                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       256928                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       256928                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       785106                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       785106                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       193998                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total       193998                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       785106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       450926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1236032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       785106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       450926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1236032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        64232                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        64232                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        87234                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        87234                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        96999                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96999                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        87234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 75154.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82402.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        87234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 75154.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82402.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       249116                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       249116                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       764274                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       764274                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       188790                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       188790                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       764274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       437906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1202180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       764274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       437906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1202180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        62279                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        62279                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84919.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84919.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        94395                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94395                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84919.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 72984.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80145.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84919.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 72984.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80145.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           15                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                          0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                15    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3255                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         5208                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         3255                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      9                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                9                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                4                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   5                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              5                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               5                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            1                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                         41                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                         24                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            4                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            4                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                3472                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                         13                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON         658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                            3036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles              1512                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                            78                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                          9                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                           24                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                     10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                       13                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                    4                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples              1547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.095023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.832332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                    1523     98.45%     98.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       4      0.26%     98.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0      0.00%     98.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       1      0.06%     98.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       3      0.19%     98.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0      0.00%     98.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0      0.00%     98.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0      0.00%     98.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                      16      1.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                1547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.002964                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.025692                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                    1517                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                    1                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                       24                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts                   147                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                    1517                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                       24                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts                   147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands                139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups                  328                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups             208                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps                   79                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                      18                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                  20                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                 25                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               1                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                       143                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  4                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                      158                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined             18                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           26                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         1547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.102133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.679521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               1501     97.03%     97.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  9      0.58%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 11      0.71%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  4      0.26%     98.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  9      0.58%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  5      0.32%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  5      0.32%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  3      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           1547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     3    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                3      1.90%      1.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   90     56.96%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     58.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  41     25.95%     84.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 24     15.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                   158                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.052042                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          3                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018987                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              1866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes              165                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          128                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                   158                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            2                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           27                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                147                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   20                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  25                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 2                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            4                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   4                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                  158                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   41                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                          65                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       8                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                        24                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.052042                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                           129                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                          128                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                       71                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                       98                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.042161                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.724490                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts             18                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts                4                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples         1541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.059701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.537253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         1515     98.31%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            4      0.26%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            6      0.39%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            7      0.45%     99.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            3      0.19%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            1      0.06%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            3      0.19%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            2      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total         1541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                  51                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                    92                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                            27                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            9                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         6                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                       91                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   2                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      1.09%      1.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              64     69.57%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              9      9.78%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            18     19.57%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total               92                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    2                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                        1649                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                        262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                              6                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           1489                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                         51                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                           92                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                             59.529412                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                       59.529412                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.016798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.016798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                     237                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                     93                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                       29                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                      28                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                     98                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            1.894573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                 21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                8                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.625000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           185318                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data     1.894573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.003700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.003700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.015625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             224                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data           10                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            10                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total             13                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total            14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       454398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       454398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       292733                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       292733                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       747131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       747131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       747131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       747131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           14                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.769231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.769231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.518519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.518519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.518519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.518519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 45439.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45439.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 73183.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73183.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 53366.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53366.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 53366.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53366.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          436                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    87.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       444199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       444199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       290129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       290129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       734328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       734328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       734328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       734328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 55524.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55524.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 72532.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72532.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        61194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        61194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse            4.181228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                 11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs               10                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs             1.100000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            89187                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     4.181228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.008166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.019531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              114                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             114                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total            12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       974547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       974547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       974547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       974547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       974547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       974547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81212.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81212.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81212.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81212.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81212.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81212.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       876246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       876246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       876246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       876246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       876246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       876246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 79658.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79658.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 79658.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79658.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 79658.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79658.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           6.152901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.total_refs                18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              18                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle           86366                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     4.224061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data     1.928840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.001031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.000471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.004395                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            110                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::total           23                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       286874                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       286874                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       865396                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       865396                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       438557                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total       438557                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       865396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       725431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1590827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       865396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       725431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1590827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 71718.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71718.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 78672.363636                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78672.363636                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 54819.625000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54819.625000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 78672.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 60452.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69166.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 78672.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 60452.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69166.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       279062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       279062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       839356                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       839356                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       425537                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       425537                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       839356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       704599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1543955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       839356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       704599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1543955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 69765.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69765.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 76305.090909                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76305.090909                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 53192.125000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53192.125000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 76305.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 58716.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67128.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 76305.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 58716.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67128.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           23                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           15                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               41                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side          640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                          0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           23                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                23    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            23                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         6510                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         5208                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      7                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                7                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                4                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   4                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              4                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               4                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            1                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                         14                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                         20                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            4                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                3472                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                         12                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON         658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                            3036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles              1816                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                            63                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                          7                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                           20                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                     10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                       12                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                    4                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples              1847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.064429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.686242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                    1827     98.92%     98.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       4      0.22%     99.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0      0.00%     99.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       1      0.05%     99.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       2      0.11%     99.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0      0.00%     99.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0      0.00%     99.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0      0.00%     99.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                      13      0.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                1847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.002306                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       0.020751                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                    1821                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                    1                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts                   119                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                    1821                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts                   119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands                113                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups                  270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups             172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps                   74                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                      18                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                  15                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                 21                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               1                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                       115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  4                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                      110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined             18                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           26                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         1847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.059556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.524301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               1815     98.27%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  6      0.32%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  9      0.49%     99.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  3      0.16%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  3      0.16%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  5      0.27%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  4      0.22%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  2      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           1847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                1      0.91%      0.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   75     68.18%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     69.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  14     12.73%     81.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 20     18.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                   110                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          0.036232                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                         0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              2067                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes              137                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                   109                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            2                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     5                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      1                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   15                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  21                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 2                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            4                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   4                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                  110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   14                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                          34                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       7                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                        20                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    0.036232                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                           103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                          102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                       57                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                       78                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      0.033597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.730769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts             18                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts                4                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples         1841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.044541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.459411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         1817     98.70%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            4      0.22%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            6      0.33%     99.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            6      0.33%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            3      0.16%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            1      0.05%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            2      0.11%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            2      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total         1841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                  45                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                    82                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                            23                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            6                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         6                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                       81                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   2                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      1.22%      1.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              58     70.73%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              6      7.32%     79.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            17     20.73%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total               82                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    2                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                        1939                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                        224                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                              4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           1189                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                         45                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                           82                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                             67.466667                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                       67.466667                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.014822                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.014822                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                     160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                     74                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                       23                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                      22                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                     61                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            1.693909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                 16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           205282                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data     1.693909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.003308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.003308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.009766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             9                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total              11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total             11                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total            10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       220906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       220906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       318773                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       318773                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       539679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       539679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       539679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       539679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.476190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.476190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 36817.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36817.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 79693.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79693.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 53967.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53967.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 53967.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53967.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       219170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       219170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       316169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       316169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       535339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       535339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       535339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       535339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        43834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        43834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 79042.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79042.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 59482.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59482.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 59482.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59482.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse            3.838558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                 10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                9                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs             1.111111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            94178                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     3.838558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.007497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.017578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             105                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total            11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       981491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       981491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       981491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       981491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       981491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       981491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 89226.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89226.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 89226.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89226.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 89226.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89226.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       879067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       879067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       879067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       879067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       879067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       879067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87906.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87906.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87906.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87906.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87906.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87906.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           5.592435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.total_refs                14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              14                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle           91357                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     3.877108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data     1.715326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.000419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.003418                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              90                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             90                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       312914                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       312914                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       869302                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       869302                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       217000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total       217000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       869302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       529914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1399216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       869302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       529914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1399216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 78228.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78228.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86930.200000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86930.200000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        43400                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43400                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86930.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 58879.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73642.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86930.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 58879.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73642.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       305102                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       305102                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       845866                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       845866                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       211792                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       211792                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       845866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       516894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1362760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       845866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       516894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1362760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 76275.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76275.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84586.600000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84586.600000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 42358.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42358.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84586.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 57432.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71724.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84586.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 57432.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71724.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           19                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side          576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                          0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           19                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                19    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            19                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4123                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         5859                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         3255                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                    22.369337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                          61                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                        61                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                             1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        3.729698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data        1.711186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst        3.213448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data        1.506204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst        4.366805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data        2.048849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst        4.006043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data        1.787105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst       0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst       0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data       0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.000465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                      1261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                     1261                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data              4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data              4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data              4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data              4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total              59                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst                10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu0.data                 9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst                 9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu1.data                 6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst                11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu2.data                11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst                10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::.cpu3.data                 9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                     75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst               10                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu0.data                9                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst                9                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu1.data                6                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst               11                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu2.data               11                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst               10                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::.cpu3.data                9                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                    75                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       266042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       240002                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       269948                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       295988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1071980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       805938                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       161665                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       830025                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       182714                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       808759                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       501270                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       818524                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       205716                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      4314611                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       805938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       427707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       830025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       422716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       808759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       771218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       818524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       501704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total          5386591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       805938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       427707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       830025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       422716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       808759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       771218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       818524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       501704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total         5386591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total                16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            59                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst              10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data               9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst               9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data               6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst              11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data              11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst              10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data               9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total                   75                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst             10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data              9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst              9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data              6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst             11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data             11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst             10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data              9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total                  75                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                   1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 66510.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 60000.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        67487                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        73997                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66998.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80593.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        32333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        92225                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        91357                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 73523.545455                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        71610                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81852.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 41143.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        73129                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80593.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        47523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        92225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 70452.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 73523.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 70110.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81852.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 55744.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71821.213333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80593.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        47523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst        92225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 70452.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 73523.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 70110.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81852.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 55744.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71821.213333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             16                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total                75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total               75                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       238400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       212392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       242287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       268314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       961393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       722912                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       143209                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       747177                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       164252                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       716919                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       445988                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       735561                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       187202                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3863220                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       722912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       381609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       747177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       376644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       716919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       688275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       735561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       455516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4824613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst       722912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       381609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       747177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       376644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       716919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       688275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       735561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       455516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4824613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total              1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        59600                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        53098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 60571.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 67078.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60087.062500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72291.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 28641.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83019.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        82126                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 65174.454545                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 63712.571429                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 73556.100000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 37440.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65478.305085                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72291.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        42401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83019.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        62774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 65174.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 62570.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 73556.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 50612.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64328.173333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72291.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        42401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83019.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        62774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 65174.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 62570.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 73556.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 50612.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64328.173333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.replacements                              0                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            73                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 49                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            58                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total          134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         2112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total         3904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                    3904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples                73                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                      73    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                  73                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy               52762                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               8.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy               51818                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               7.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy             316550                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             48.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           75                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED       658595                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp                47                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           59                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total                   134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side          832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side         1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total                   3776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples               75                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                     75    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total                 75                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy              16275                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy              9114                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy              8463                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy             11718                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy              9114                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
